Hey, are we pulling? What's up? I'm Jimfro and this is our guide to Fallen King Saladar on normal and heroic. Saladar is the third boss of the void spire. It's a single target fight with a bunch of spread ads that need to be focused down one at a time. And you can either bloodlust on pull or on the damage amp. Before you pull, make sure that the majority of your raid has an interrupt talented for the fractured images that spawn throughout the fight. During testing, you could knock and grip

the images as well. You'll start by pulling the boss to the middle of the room. Saladar spawns two void orbs from one of these three spawn locations, and these orbs are slowly moving towards the boss. The orbs can't be CCd and need to be killed before they reach him. If an orb ever gets to the boss, you're dead. On normal, you can just nuke the void orbs right away and get right back to DPSing the boss. But on heroic, killing an orb puts a dot on the entire raid. So, you definitely don't want to kill

both ads at the same time. Instead, ping one and have everyone focus that one down first. This means the DPS need to get off the boss to make sure that the first ad dies super quick. Then wait for the DOT to fall off before killing the second orb. And because the orbs are always moving toward the boss, the tanks need to keep moving him around the room away from the orbs. A few seconds after the void orbs spawn, the boss will also spawn a few fractured images around the room. These images need to be

interrupted to stop their cast and despawn the image. If a cast gets off, it'll drop a pool of bad under the image that deals heavy damage to anyone standing in it. Since there's several other mechanics that also drop pools on the ground, missing these interrupts will eventually leave you with no room to stand, making the fight much harder as it goes on. Every so often, the boss puts a circle on a few players. Those players should move to the edge of the room and call for a dispel, which will

drop a pool of bad at their feet and apply a heal absorb on that player. The tanks have to deal with shattering twilight, a big hit on the current tank. The other tank needs the taunt swap and the tank that was hit needs to run away from the raid because after a few seconds, giant spikes will erupt from them that knock up and damage anyone hit. On heroic, the tank spikes will also spawn on several other players who also need to run away from the raid to avoid hitting anyone else with their spikes. Shattering Twilight is the

natural taunt swap for the tanks, but the tanks also have instability to worry about. Every time the boss melees, he puts a stacking dot on the current tank that ramps up over time. Most likely you'll just taunt swap on every shattering twilight, but you can also taunt swap whenever the instability debuff falls off if you want to be extra safe. Right before the boss reaches full energy, tanks need to move him away from the edge of the room and any existing pools. That's because when Saladar hits

100 energy, he stops moving, starts pulsing heavy raid damage, takes 25% increased damage, and spawns several rotating beams. Everyone needs to quickly find a safe spot between the beams and rotate with them while blasting the boss during the burn window. Once the beams are finished, the boss will drop a pool on the ground that gets pretty big after a few seconds. This pool, along with the pools from the images and the circle drop mechanics, acts as the fight's soft and rage, cuz eventually you'll just run out of room.

So, good pool placement is the key to this fight for sure. And that's pretty much it. Here's a quick recap for you to review or screenshot for later. You can find all of our recaps over at the Ready Checkpool Discord. Big thank you to our supporters on Patreon for making these videos possible. And don't forget this expansion, we're putting way more resources into our Patreon. So if you're interested in extended heroic walkthroughs, mythic walkthroughs, and a bunch more, check out the links in the

description. Peace.

