Hey, we pulling. What's up? I'm Jim Fro and this is the Ready Check Pull boss guide to Imperion on normal and heroic. Big thank you to our supporters on Patreon. Members get early access to our videos before anyone else as well as full talkthrough videos for every boss. So, if you're interested in that, check out the Patreon link below. Imperior Reverian is the first boss of the void spire. It has a mix of single target cleave and AoE damage. And this is a blood lust on pull fight. The easiest

way to explain this fight is to start with the main idea first. The boss is in a room that has nine zones, and every so often the boss cast shadows advance, which summons three ads, one each on one of the random zones around the room. The tank will get a group soak that has to be put on one of the ads to destroy it and stop it from claiming that zone. Then you do the same thing a second time. Tank gets a group soak, brings it to one of the abyssal void shapers to stop it from claiming that zone. There's

always one abyssal void shaper left over from each set. The better and lucky you are at group soaking in the ads, the longer you'll have to kill the boss. If there's ever three adjacent ads up at the end of the tank soaks, you're dead. Now, let's go through the fight. You'll start by tanking the boss around the middle of the room. After a few seconds, the boss will cast Shadows Advance, which spawns three big void circles on the ground that explode after a few seconds, basically one-shotting anyone

inside of them. This is what spawns the three abyssal void chamber ads that are casting on random zones. Shortly after, the current tank will get a group soak that needs to be soaked by several other players on top of one of the three ads. When the soak explodes, everyone takes a big hit and has a ticking dot on them for 6 seconds. This will also destroy the void shaper ad that's inside of it, canceling its cast. The second tank will then instantly get the second group soak that needs to go on the second ad. And

this also needs several players in it to split the damage and destroy the ad. After the two ads are dead, the last ad will finish casting, claiming that zone for the boss, becoming attackable, and spawn several little void ads through any claimed zones that are up. Now, during testing, missing an ad with a soak wasn't the end of the world, but it significantly reduced our available time on the boss since we'd hit three adjacent claim zones much faster. Once the third void chaper ad becomes

attackable, round up all the little ads and cleave them on top of the big ad away from any portals and away from the boss. On normal, the ads have some abilities, but they're not that important. Just make sure to interrupt and kill them quickly. On heroic, the void chaper ads are slowly gaining energy and will wipe the raid if it gets to full energy. So if you see an obscurian endalker, you took way too long to kill the void chamber. Also on heroic, when the little void mall ads get to 35% HP, they try to walk back to

their portal to fully heal. This is why we kill them away from the portals and use grips, stuns, and slows to keep them in place. If a Versian ever gets too close to a claim zone or any ads, he gains a buff that increases his damage by 75% and reduces his damage taken by 90%. So make sure the boss is always kept away from basically everything. The boss also has a few other abilities. The tanks will be taunt swapping on the group soak, but they also have black and wounds to deal with. It's a stacking 4%

health reduction, so if this gets to like 8 to 12 stacks, you might need to taunt swap again. There's some spiked lines that shoot out from the boss after a few seconds. These are pretty easy to see, so just sidestep when they come up. On heroic, every once in a while, the boss will cast desolation, which puts a soak circle on one of the claim zones. This needs to be soaked by one player, or else it does a big hit to the entire raid and puts a dot on everyone. This could easily wipe the raid, so make sure

at least one person is in the soak whenever it happens. And lastly, if you see a bunch of ads marching throughout the boss room, you just let three claim zones happen and you're dead. And that's pretty much it. Here's a quick recap for you to review or screenshot for later. You can find all of our recaps over at the ready checkp discord. Big thank you to our supporters on Patreon for making these videos possible. Don't forget this expansion, we're putting way more resources into our Patreon, so if you're

interested in extended heroic walkthroughs, mythic walkthroughs, and a bunch more, check out the links in the description. Peace.

