Hey, we pulling. What's up? I'm Jimro and this is the ready check pull guide to the lightb blinded vanguard on normal and heroic. This fight has one phase. It's three target cleave basically the entire time. And blood lust is kind of weird. You can bl us on pull and just master spell their shields if that still works or you can wait until Bellamy and Sen get forbearance at around 2 and 1 half to 3 minutes. There's three bosses, General Mias Bellamy, Commander Vanel Lightblood, and War Chaplain Sen. The

main loop of this fight is when each boss hits 100 energy and cast their specific aura. But let me throw shields in a radius that need to be dodged. Lightb Blood has several split soaks that go out on random players. And Sen absorbs big healing from several of the closest players. All right, so now that we know all of that, let's get into the fight. You start by dragging the bosses to the edge of the room and basically just walk them around after each one cast their big giant circles. In testing, all three needed to be tanked,

but only Bellamy and Lightb Blood needed to be taunt swapped, which I'll explain later. Right after pulling, a few circles go out on several players that explode after a few seconds, putting a dot on those players. The dot can be dispelled after the explosion. Sen will then eventually pop sacred shield where she mounts up and runs a bit away and starts casting. Everyone needs to immediately switch to Sen to break her shield and interrupt the cast. The tank with light blood can follow Sen as she

mounts away for cleave damage while the tank with Bellamy stays back since Bellamy will soon do the first 100 energy ability, aura of devotion. This aura puts a 75% damage reduction on all of the bosses inside of the circle. So, you definitely don't want Sen to get that aura while she's doing her bubble cast. The aura will also be when Bellamy starts throwing out shields all around her that need to be dodged. Getting hit does big damage and silences you for 4 seconds. And on heroic, after every 100

energy aura, the boss drops consecration under their feet, forcing you to move. Then after a bit, Sen will mount up again, and her shield needs to be focused down to interrupt her cast. Then light blood will hit 100 energy and cast aura of wrath, which buffs all of the boss' holy damage by 100% while inside the circle. And at the same time, several players will get soak circles under their feet. They need to spread out outside of the aura and need up to five players per circle to help soak the

damage. You can probably simply yolo the soaks, but it's much safer to assign one group per soak. The easiest way to do it is to go left to right, looking at light blood, of course, and have each group soak one group soak each. So, group one soak here, group two soak here, and group three soak here. But keep in mind that you'll get more or less circles based on your group size. As soon as the soak explodes, a bunch of hammers will start spinning outward that need to be dodged. This is probably the best time

in the fight for everyone to use a personal defensive and maybe even a health pot to help your healers. And again, on heroic, the boss will drop consecration after the aura is finished. Then you'll have a few minor abilities to deal with before eventually getting to the third aura from Sen, aura of peace. Right when this starts casting, everyone needs to run out of the circle and stop attacking Sen because this aura pacifies players hitting any of the bosses inside of the circle. So just swap to the other two bosses outside of

the aura while this is happening. Also, during Aura of Peace, Sen will cast Tears Wrath, which puts a giant absorb on several players that the healers need to spam heal to remove. Players who are targeted by this absorb shield need to help the healers with a potion or hell stone. The absorb goes out on the three to five closest players to send, so the healers can probably stand inside of the circles when Tier's Wrath goes out, potentially making it so you know exactly who the absorbs are going on,

and you could just spam them ahead of time. It's a bit minmaxy, but it might work. The fight basically repeats after that, but there's also a few other abilities too, like Searing Radiance and Sacred Toll being random healer damage. And on heroic, Divine Storm is random melee damage. For tanks, judgment massively buffs the boss's follow-up cast. So, just taunt swap midcast whenever Lightb Blood or Bellamy starts casting judgment and you'll be good to go. And finally, about blood lust.

Whenever you blood lust, two bosses go immune to damage while Lightb Blood takes increased damage and does increased damage for a few seconds. This won't happen to the bosses at all if the bosses have four barons. And whenever a boss hits 100 energy, their abilities give them forbearance for two and a half minutes. So you basically have two options. Blood lust on pull and mass dispel the shields, which work during testing, but might not work on live. Or wait until 2 and 1 half to 3 minutes to

blood lust when Sen and Bellamy have forbbearance, making it so that they no longer go immune during bloodlust. And that's pretty much it. Here's a quick recap for you to review or screenshot for later. You can find all of our recaps over at the ready checkp discord. Big thank you to our supporters on Patreon for making these videos possible. And don't forget for midnight we're putting way more resources into our Patreon. So if you're interested in extended heroic walkthroughs, mythic

walkthroughs, and a bunch more, check out the links in the description. Peace.

