Hey, what's going on guys? Kamaza here. It's going to be our testing and kill of heroic Verasius, I think. Yeah, Verasius uh from the void spire midnight beta raid testing. Uh this boss is sort of like Teros, like single targetesque. I don't really know why I feel teros. Maybe because he's like just standing there with his arms out and he's like some big rock void lizard thing. I don't know. Uh it's really cool. It's like the patchwork DPS check of the early tier.

Uh, and it might it's either second boss or third boss depending which way you want to go. It probably ends up being third depending on tuning. If it's undertuned, you kill it second. If it's third, you kill it. If it's hard, you kill it third. Also, this is his tail to clarify. Don't get too crazy. Um, now, so, uh, we're going to go over the boss here. I'll talk about the mechanics and stuff, and then I'll put the whole kill of this, uh, poll afterwards in this video if you want to check it out and

skip ahead. But, uh, yeah, we'll talk about a little bit. So, uh, basically the boss is pulled here. I'll say off the bat, there's some weird thing with the tank debuff going on. I don't know what what it was. I didn't really listen a whole lot to it because they were trying to figure it out. Uh they kept dying every once in a while. I had to have the communities take it. I don't know what the issue was. It's probably going to be fixed. I'm going to skip over that for this part of the video.

But besides that, everything else we can see pretty easily. So, uh he's going to do a primordial roar here, right? It's gonna do damage to the raid. It's going to push us back as well. It's like it's a knock back. It'll stop cast, right? So roar comes out here and he gets this stack right here, this buff which in it increases the damage of subsequent primordial roars. Uh and that's going to be like the the enrage in the fight. That's the tank mechanic as well right

there which puts a wall down. You're going to have one here and one here in a moment. This is like an epicenter earth earthquake mechanic. Just run through it. Find the edge of the ring. Wait for it to go off and run through. It happens a lot though. I feel like the cadence of this might have been a little too fast. It was just sort of annoying. Just constant dodging. But other tank smash comes out here. It's going to spawn another wall. So you've got a left wall and you've got a right wall. Another

mechanic, another earthquake here. Dodge it. Do whatever. Find the edge. Run through. You're good. Tank smash again right here. Uh walls are already down. So I'm not going to put another wall down here, but still smashes, does damage. Other earthquake. Again, cadence is very fast on these. Uh it's going to repeat a bunch until we get to the bugs spawning in the parasitic explosion, which happens right about now. So, this is what I typically dark packed in defensive. This thing hurts pretty bad.

You'll see the ray take a lot of damage here over the course of this channel. It spawns a bunch of bugs in the bugs with fixate random player. I don't I don't think there was a timer for refixates. I don't know if they even refixated with CCS or incaps, but they're going to fixate players. They need to be dragged towards the walls on the left side and the right side. Uh killing bugs along the walls will break the walls. Might wonder why do we need to break the walls? because the boss is going to do a

big Godzilla frontal breath. It's literally Godzilla. Um, it's going to choose the left side or right side to start on and then sweep to the other side. So, you'll see it telegraph by the way he's facing when he does it. You might see it here in a moment. We're going to break these walls. You want to run to the side. He's going to, you know, stop basically before he kills. If he starts looking at the left side, you go to the right. He's going to sweep to the right side. Here comes the void

breath. We're looking where it's at. It's on the left side. So, we go right. Uh, back it up again. Show that. He starts queuing it right about now. Uh his walls also loosen sucks. But yeah, he's queuing the breath. You can see he's going to start blowing on this side, the left side. So, we're running to the right side here. His Godzilla breath is being queued up. Uh similar telegraph to Demenius with the planet throw. They're going to do this. He's going to sweep this way. This thing's

going to tank. This breath gets an alpha. Look at that. Just tanks that thing. Doesn't even care. Uh that's it. It's chilling out over here. No big deal. That's cool. Uh, so now coming out of this, you're going to have a primordial roar coming up again. This is what we had at the start of the fight. They gave him a stack of this. It's going to stack to two now, so it does more damage. And the third one is going to do even more damage. Uh, you're going to have basically

basically I think it's one more intermission. Um, and then he's going to enrage kill you. Now, so that roar gives two stacks there. You have a smash coming in here, which spawns one tank wall. Uh, earthquake. These I think these occur too often honestly, but whatever. Uh we'll see where that goes. Earth smash here on the left side. Another tank wall coming in as well. Uh we're going to have earthquake, tank smash, earthquake, tank smash, dodge, dodge, and uh yeah, honestly, it's sort

of it. I'm going to skip ahead a little bit here so we can speed this up. More bugs coming in. Uh the walls are up. Bring them to the walls. We're going to break the walls here. Uh so breaking these smashing frenzies coming out. It's a no big deal. Walls are going to break. He's doing his breath here. Uh, we went to this side. Again, I will say the breaths are random. It's not always the left side to right. You have to look every time. It can be left every single time he does it to fight. It can be

right every time. It can be left, right, left. It's just random. You got to look every time. Uh, say he does that. Breath's done. Cool. I think he bugged out here actually. Honest. He bugged out only stayed in the center, but he will sweep typically every time he has a breath. Right. Out of this, you're going to have a primordial war coming up. Uh, you're going to get a three stack of this roar. And this is the final phase one. You have to kill the boss. You're going to get one more like beam phase,

like Godzilla phase if you want or if it lasts that long. Once that last breath ends, you're going to die. So, we're in phase one again. Same thing. You're going to form walls with tank smashes. Earthquakes are coming in. Now, it's the same thing literally. Uh, smash wall comes in. Uh, look a wall. Look to wall. Skip ahead. Skip ahead again. More earthquakes. Skip ahead again. Uh, there are bugs. The boss is at 6%. Uh I think we get the breath here. I think towards the end, but you still want to break

these walls if you have to obviously. Uh the breath will pretty much one shot. Uh I think we even see the enrage here a bit too. Um we might I can skip back and find if we can't, but uh yeah. So we barely break this wall in time, but we do. Uh somewhere through the boss dies. We did see the enrage the previous pull, which was like I think right. Yeah, right here. So, this is basically the previous pull the same spot. He finished the breath and he begins casting focus aggression. This is going to be the

enrage. Uh, he does this and it's a cast time. So, you can milk it a bit, try and kill him before the cast finishes. Uh, this is probably like, you know, like the climactic finish of killing the boss in progression, right? He's going to do his beam. His beam is like I think it like picks a random player. I don't know. Watch what he does. It goes over there then. All right. Okay. Oh, holy. Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Yeah, it's sort of crazy. Um, but he'll kill everybody with a beam and that's that's

basically it. So, um, yeah, that's the fight. Uh, pretty simple, but I mean, for second or third boss in the raid in being like a Patrick boss, it feels about the same mechanically as like Teros and things, which is, you know, fine. So, if you want uh full video of the kill coming up, uh, logs down below if you want them as well. E, this is Blizzard Dina frames. These are Blizzard frames. Oh, I got PI. >> Oh, yeah. I see it now. This feels nice. Okay. I swear the damage is not resetting.

We're not doing 30k. Yeah, their meters are broken, too. >> 2K. Do you have a C or an O on the meter? That's a C. >> Yeah, I have the same issue. So, I mean, it's just bug. >> I would flip it off and back on again, >> I think. I don't know. It doesn't It doesn't really matter. I don't. Maybe we are doing 40k. I don't know. It's whatever. >> Yeah. Back into whatever damage. >> Yeah, Nick. Yeah, they are. There's something bug with the tanks slam,

whatever going on. I'm not really sure what it is, actually. Um, but they're sort of figuring it out. >> So, yeah, I'm going to go right instead. People over there. I love how I can't like cast on the boss if I'm on the wall. >> It's incredible. >> All right. All right. It's hurting so bad. Holy moly. Panic stone and pot. That should not be minus. That's that blizzard polish. >> End of an era. I get knocked off. I love my 10-second soulfire cast. So

great. I'm not moving, but just like wrath. Literally, it's perfect. Okay, the YS hit me 800k. >> What the [ __ ] is he doing? >> Yeah, we got to die here. I think we're >> Unless he doesn't move. >> Gage bugged her in a heartbeat. >> He's Godzilla. >> They didn't pick a side. >> Do I need to first al tab? I guess so. Yeah, that's crazy. Literally. >> It's funny. >> Yeah. Yeah. I think it's a res angle. >> Yeah. Yeah. That's what I was saying.

>> Okay. in 13 then 10 seconds. >> Uh it's going to be during explosion or whatever bugs I got to wait. I can get you now actually. >> No, he's doing that now. It should be fine. >> I got you. Yeah. Yeah. There you go. And the boss is dead. We killed it. likely less tragedy strikes. >> Kill these guys off. >> Is he dead? >> He's dead. >> Kill the boss. >> It was a little He is dead. It was a little scary at the end. Are you happy

in the second half there? First half, not going to lie. >> Finger.

