Hey, we pulling. What's up? I'm Jim Fro
and this is the Ready Check Pull boss
guide to Veracius on normal and heroic.
Big thank you to our supporters on
Patreon. Members get early access to our
videos before anyone else as well as
full talkthrough videos for every boss.
So, if you're interested in that, check
out the Patreon link below. Veracius is
the second boss of the void spire. It's
mainly single target with a little
funnel cleave throughout. And this is a
blood lust on pull fight. Before you
pull, you're going to want to make sure
that you have at least a few grips,
knockbacks, or whatever you can to make
sure the fixate ads die on top of the
walls. The main idea of the fight is
that Verasius does a big slam soak on
the tank. Two of those slams spawn
walls, one on the boss's left arm and
one on the boss's right arm. The boss
will then spawn some fixate ads that
need to be kited and killed on top of
the walls to destroy the walls. The
reason you do this is because the boss
will do a giant beam that sweeps across
the entire room, one-shotting anyone hit
by it. The only way to avoid the beam is
to run to the opposite side of the room
after the wall is broken. All right, so
let's get into the fight. The boss
doesn't move, so you'll just tank him
right where he starts. The tank mechanic
is basically the entire fight. So even
if you're not a tank, you'll still need
to know how it works. A few seconds in,
you'll get the first tank slam. The boss
puts a big circle on the ground, and the
current tank needs to pop a defensive
and stand inside the circle to soak the
hit. The slam does a bunch of raid
damage and puts a stacking debuff on the
tank, increasing their physical damage
taken by 150%. You'll be taunt swapping
around two to three stacks or when the
debuff falls off. Every slam sends out a
staggered shockwave circle from the
impact point. You wait for the first
ring to go off, then move into that
space to avoid the next ring. Melee can
usually just stand in the center of the
tank soak area right after it explodes
to avoid all of the rings. And during
testing, you could outrange the shock
waves entirely by staying at max range,
but that might get fixed. The big thing
to remember is that the first and second
slams also spawns crystal walls on each
side of the boss. And those walls need
to be destroyed. The way you destroy the
walls is by using the blister creep ads
that fixate players. The fixated players
need to kite their ad along the wall
while everyone else focuses it down. The
ad has to die directly on top of the
wall because when it dies, it explodes
and that explosion is what destroys the
wall. On heroic, you'll need two ads per
wall. So, make sure to call out which
wall you're going to and use
displacement abilities like Typhoon,
Ring of Peace, and Death Grip to make
sure the ads are actually on the wall
when they die. Once the wall is broken,
look at the boss's hand to see which one
is glowing. That's the direction the
giant beam starts from. Everyone needs
to quickly run to the far side of the
room away from the beam and stay there
until the cast fully finishes. Once it's
clear, reset back to the middle. From
there, you just rinse and repeat that
cycle until the boss is dead. There's a
few other abilities to watch out for,
but most of them are pretty simple dodge
your feet mechanics. However, the one
thing healers need to really pay
attention to is primordial roar. This
hits the entire raid, knocks everyone
back and applies a permanent stacking
dot each time it's cast. That stacking
dot becomes the soft en rage of the
fight and ramps up pretty hard the
longer the fight goes on. Healers will
also see big damage spikes whenever the
blister creep ad spawns. So, make sure
to have a healer cool down ready for
each ad wave. And lastly, if anyone is
ever in the blister creep explosion,
they'll get a magic debuff that makes
them take increased damage. Healers need
to dispel this as soon as possible if it
happens. And that's pretty much it.
Here's a quick recap for you to review
or screenshot for later. You can find
all of our recaps over at the ready
checkpool discord. Big thank you to our
supporters on Patreon for making these
videos possible. Don't forget this
expansion, we're putting way more
resources into our Patreon. So, if
you're interested in extended heroic
walkthroughs, mythic walkthroughs, and a
bunch more, check out the links in the
description. Peace.