We pulling these dragons. What's up? I'm Jipro and this is the ready checkp pull guide to Veil Gore and Ezra on normal and heroic. This fight has one phase and a sort of intermission. Has two dragon bosses that are both attackable the entire phase one, but one is grounded and doing most of their mechanics while the other hovers and cast fewer abilities. They eventually switch their hover states after the intermission and you need to keep them more than 15 yards apart and within 10% HP and you'll blood

lust on pull. But before you pull, make sure to split your raid evenly between the two dragons. You also want strong interrupts, AoE stuns, and grips for the void orbs that spawn. And if you're going into heroic, make sure to have two groups of five for the gloom sphere soak rotation. All right, so you'll start by having your tanks split the bosses up, one on each side of the gold ring on the floor. The raid will loosely spread in a line between the bosses. And these dragons do have a tail swipe, so never

be directly behind either of them. So throughout the fight, Veil Gore casts null beam on his current tank, which has to be pointed away from the raid. After that, a null zone drops at the tank's feet that tethers every player to it. The tether's pull strength is reduced by how many stacks the tank gets from getting hit by the null beam. The raid has to break their tethers, causing a bunch of raid damage for a few seconds that the healers need to be ready for. Around the same time, Ezra cast void

howl, putting a circle under every player. After a few seconds, those circles explode and spawn void orbs that need to be gripped, interrupt, stunned, and nuked down before they get too many cast off. These abilities make some dangerous combos during the fight, and the order of the abilities change throughout the fight. Here's a quick example of the first sequence. The tank on Veilgore points no beam away from the raid and takes around eight stacks of the beam debuff. Ezraat casts void howl,

putting a circle under each player. Every player needs to get as close as possible without overlapping. The circles explode, causing a ton of void orbs. Then you'll grip the void orbs together, interrupt and AoE stun them, and absolutely blast them down. Around the same time, Veil Gore drops null zone under the tank, and everyone needs to run far to break their tether. Once the tethers are gone, get back to the center position. Now, on heroic, the last tether break does a big hit of damage and a ticking dot to the entire raid.

You're definitely going to want a healer CD or two to make sure that no one wakes up dead. All right, now that you understand how no beam and void how work, let's move on to the other abilities. Veilor has a frontal cone that goes on a random player. That player needs to drag it away from the raid and once hit, they'll need to get dispelled to remove the fear. Azeract, on the other hand, cast gloom, which launches a moving void sphere in a straight line. At least five players need to soak it as it travels to shrink

it before it reaches the wall. Otherwise, it leaves behind a massive pool that covers the room and a bunch of bad stuff. Just keep in mind that one gloom sphere can get stuck on another gloom sphere. So, make sure the tanks always pointed at a clear wall before it's cast. On heroic, soaking gloom sphere gives you a debuff for 60 seconds, so you'll need to have two alternating groups of five soers each to soak the gloom sphere. The tanks also have to taunt swap at around one to two stacks of Veil Wing from Veil Gore and

Rackfang from Ezreak, which are both just generic tank busters. But Rackfang does put a stacking absorb shield on the boss. So don't try to take more than two stacks or you'll just be wasting DPS. Now when the bosses hit 100 energy, they fly up in the air and do massive damage to the entire raid. Some NPC friends come and help out by dropping down a big protective barrier that the raid needs to stack in to survive the damage. Inside the barrier, there's a big ad that fixates one player and throws out

some exploding circles on a couple other players. The fixated player needs to kite the ad around while everyone else nukes it down. And the players with circles on them need to get to the inside edge of the barrier to avoid exploding on anyone else. You really want to kill this ad before the intermission ends because dealing with the fixate and circles while the dragons are out would be pretty bad. After about 25 seconds, the dragons come back down and you continue the fight. But this time, Ezreak is on the ground doing more

of her mechanics and Veil Gore is hovering doing less of his mechanics. But you basically treat everything the same as before. And that's pretty much it. Here's a quick recap for you to review or screenshot for later. You can find all of our recaps over at the ready checkpole discord. Big thank you to our supporters on Patreon for making these videos possible. And don't forget this expansion, we're putting way more resources into our Patreon. So if you're interested in extended heroic

walkthroughs, mythic walkthroughs, and a bunch more, check out the links in the description. Peace.

